Progress for next() python function (#1182)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/built-in-functions/terms/next/next.md

> **Note:** If the next element is missing from the object, the `default_parameter` is returned. Without a set `default_parameter`, a `StopIteration` [error](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/errors) is thrown.
## Example 1
In this example, a list called `list_items` is converted to an iterable object via the `iter()` function, and each element is printed by means of the `next()` function:
```py
list_items = iter(["Hi", 27, "Python", 10])
print(next(list_items))
print(next(list_items))
print(next(list_items))
print(next(list_items))
```
This outputs the following:
```shell
Hi
27
Python
10
## Example 2
This example iterates over the same list, but prevents the program from crashing the using a default parameter:
```py
list_items = iter(["Hi", 27, "Python", 10])
print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))
print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))
print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))
print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))
print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))
```
This outputs the following:
```shell
Hi
27
Python
10

> That´s all folks 

Author: Done and pushed. @yangc95 @Dusch4593

> **Note:** If the last `print()` runs without the default parameter, a `StopIteration` error will be thrown.
## Codebyte Example
This can also be done with a [`for` loop](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/loops). However, the `for` loop actually generates its own iterator object and applies the `next()` function between each element.
```codebyte/python
list_items = iter(["Hi", 27, "Python", 10])
for item in list_items:

>     print(item)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  print(item)
```

```
This outputs the following as expected:
```shell
Hi
27
Python

> 10

Reviewer: Same thing, here. Let's add three backticks (```) below this line.

Author: Done and pushed. @yangc95 @Dusch4593

> > **Note:** As you can see there is no risk of overflowing the list, so no default parameter is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Note:** Since there is no risk of overflowing the list, a default parameter is not needed.
```

---
Title: 'next()'
Description: 'Returns the next element from an iterable object.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Collections'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

The **`next()`** function returns the next element from an [iterator](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/iterators) object.

## Syntax

```pseudo
next(iterator_name, [default_parameter])
```

> The required `iterator_name` parameter is the iterator object with the set of values. The `default_parameter` is optional and is printed if the end of the iterator is reached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The required `iterator_name` parameter is the iterator object with the set of values. The `default_parameter` is optional and is printed if the end of the iterator is reached.
```

Author: I can´t see the difference between line 23 and line 24.

Author: ¿The colour of and & if? What for?

Author: I have just updated the file with your suggestions. Thanks.

> **Note:** If the next element is missing from the object, the `default_parameter` is returned. Without a set `default_parameter`, a `StopIteration` [error](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/errors) is thrown.

> ## Example

Author: Maybe it is a lack of concept on my side. What is the difference between Example and Codebyte Example? What I try to show with the first one is the most simple use you can do of the function over a list. The second one wants to extend the knowledge in case you miss the default parameter when the end of list is reached.

> ## Example

Author: I have just updated the file with your suggestions. Thanks.

In this example, a list called `list_items` is converted to an iterable object via the `iter()` function, and each element is printed by means of the `next()` function:

```py
list_items = iter(["Hi", 27, "Python", 10])

print(next(list_items))

print(next(list_items))

print(next(list_items))

print(next(list_items))
```

> This outputs the following: Hi
> 
> This outputs the following: 27
> 
> This outputs the following: Python
> 
> This outputs the following: 10

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This outputs the following:

```shell
Hi
27
Python
10
```

Reviewer 2: Don't forget to add the three backticks to close up this block

## Codebyte Example

This example iterates over the same list, but prevents the program from crashing the using a default parameter:

```codebyte/python
list_items = iter(["Hi", 27, "Python", 10])

print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))

print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))

print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))

print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))

print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))
```

> If the last `print()` runs without the default parameter,  a `StopIteration` error will be thrown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the last `print()` runs without the default parameter, a `StopIteration` error will be thrown.
```

> > **Note:** This can also be done with a [`for` loop](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/loops). However, the `for` loop actually generates its own iterator object and applies the `next()` function between each element.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can use a for loop in the codebyte example, and get rid of this note by changing it to a sentence or two describing the new codebyte example.

Author: Ok, I agree.

Author: All your comments have been very useful for me. Very nice from you.

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Collections'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

The **`next()`** function returns the next element from an [iterator](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/iterators) object.

## Syntax

```pseudo
next(iterator_name, [default_parameter])
```

The required `iterator_name` parameter is the iterator object with the set of values. The `default_parameter` is optional and is printed if the end of the iterator is reached.

> **Note:** If the next element is missing from the object, the `default_parameter` is returned. Without a set `default_parameter`, a `StopIteration` [error](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/errors) is thrown.

## Example

In this example, a list called `list_items` is converted to an iterable object via the `iter()` function, and each element is printed by means of the `next()` function:

```py
list_items = iter(["Hi", 27, "Python", 10])

print(next(list_items))

print(next(list_items))

print(next(list_items))

print(next(list_items))
```

This outputs the following:

```shell
Hi
27
Python
10

> 

Reviewer: Let's add closing backticks (```) to this \```shell snippet.

Author: Would you please tell the reason why?

Author: Just resolved conflicts (I think). Waiting for your review.

Author: Sorry I forgot to tag both: @yangc95, @Dusch4593. Waiting for your review. Thank you.

## Codebyte Example

> This example iterates over the same list, but prevents the program from crashing the using a default parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example iterates over the same list, but prevents the program from crashing by using a default parameter:
```

---
Title: 'next()'

> Description: 'Returns the next element/value from an iterable object.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the next element from an iterable object.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Collections'
CatalogContent:

>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
>   - 'paths/data-science'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science'
```

Just two links in the `ContentCatalog` is sufficient.

---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The **`next()`** function returns the next element from an [iterator](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/iterators) object.

```

> ## **Goal** :dart:
> 
> This entry tries to facilitate your comprehension of the Python `next()` function and how to use it properly to get the next item from an iterator object.
> 
> ## **Why next() function in Python?**
> 
> It is a tool on the iterator that allows you to sequentially go through each element of it, using a common method included in every countable set named `iter()`.
> 
> ## **You need to know (maybe)**
> 
> What is an **iterator**? An object that can contain any set of countable values of objects like [_lists, tuples, dictionaries, sets, strings_], traversing all of them if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Much of this information isn't needed for this specific entry (like the part about the separate `iter()` function).

> ## **Syntax**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

> ```py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

For code blocks in the "Syntax" section, let's use \```pseudo.

next(iterator_name, [default_parameter])
```

> ***`Parameters:`*** 
> + iterator_name: name given to the iterator that contain the set of values.
> + default_parameter: [Optional], default value to be printed if end of iterator is reached.
> 
> ***`Return:`*** 
> + returns next element/value from the iterable object.
>     + _if missing prints the default value_
>     + _if default value is not set, triggers a StopIteration error_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The required `iterator_name` parameter is the iterator object with the set of values. The `default_parameter` is optional and is printed if the end of the iterator is reached.

> **Note:** If the next element is missing from the object, the `default_parameter` is returned. Without a set `default_parameter`, a `StopIteration` [error](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/errors) is thrown.
```

> ## **Example 1**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

> This code iterates a list containing four elements, printing each on screen by means of `next()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, a list called `list_items` is converted to an iterable object via the `iter()` function, and each element is printed by means of the `next()` function:
```

> ```codebyte/python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```py
```

> listems = ['Hi', 27, 'Python', 10] # Here's the initial item's list
> 
> listemsIt = iter(lisitems) # First of all, we need to convert list into an iterator
> print(listemsIt) # Shows the object reference of the iterator created
> 
> print(next(listemsIt)) # Output on screen: Hi
> 
> print(next(listemsIt)) # Output on screen: 27
> 
> print(next(listemsIt)) # Output on screen: Python
> 
> print(next(listemsIt)) # Output on screen: 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list_items = iter(["Hi", 27, "Python", 10])

print(next(list_items))

print(next(list_items))

print(next(list_items))

print(next(list_items))
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This outputs the following:

```

And then let's add a \```shell code block that looks like this:

```shell
Hi
27
Python
10
```

Author: I can't do nothing to resolve this suggestion because it shows me a message saying that "has been applied or is marked resolved".

> ## **Example 2**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codebyte Example
```

> This code iterates the same list, but preventing it from aborting the program using a default parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example iterates over the same list, but prevents the program from crashing the using a default parameter:
```

```codebyte/python

> listems = ['Hi', 27, 'Python', 10] # Here's the initial item's list
> 
> listemsIt = iter(lisitems)
> 
> print(next(listemsIt, "That's all folks")) # Output on screen: Hi
> 
> print(next(listemsIt, "That's all folks")) # Output on screen: 27
> 
> print(next(listemsIt, "That's all folks")) # Output on screen: Python
> 
> print(next(listemsIt, "That's all folks")) # Output on screen: 10
> 
> print(next(listemsIt, "That's all folks")) # Output on screen: That's all folks
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list_items = iter(["Hi", 27, "Python", 10])

print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))

print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))

print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))

print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))

print(next(list_items, "That's all folks"))
```

```

> If you let run the last print() without the default parameter, you´ll get a pretty Buzzz! :boom::boom:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the last `print()` runs without the default parameter,  a `StopIteration` error will be thrown.
```

> ---
> ***All these could be also done using a for loop. But, secret between you and me :secret:, the for loop actually generates an iterator object and uses the next() method for looping.*** :astonished::astonished::astonished:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This can also be done with a [`for` loop](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/loops). However, the `for` loop actually generates its own iterator object and applies the `next()` function between each element.
```
